README.md, before:

# cool-notes

Title: Cool-Notes</br>
Student: Dylan Trecker</br>
Description: ---.</br>
Full Repository: https://github.com/d-trecker/cool-notes.git</br>
Get the repository by: $ git clone git@github.com:d-trecker/cool-notes.git </br>
Video Link: --- </br>

User Story</br>
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

Acceptance Criteria</br>
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
 -
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
 -
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page
 -
WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes
 -
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column
 -
WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

Commit message:

added route to get notes from db, also changed db.json name to notes to register with js.

README.md, after:

# cool-notes

Title: Cool-Notes</br>
Student: Dylan Trecker</br>
Description: A really cool note taker run by express.js and heroku.</br>
Full Repository: https://github.com/d-trecker/cool-notes.git</br>
Get the repository by: $ git clone git@github.com:d-trecker/cool-notes.git </br>
Video Link: --- </br>

User Story</br>
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

Acceptance Criteria</br>
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page

- When Note Taker is open, you are presented with a link to a notes page. 

WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

- When yoiu click the link to the notes page, you are presented with a page requesting the following listed above. 

WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page

- When you enter a new note and title of the note's text, then the save icon appeares at the top of the page. 

WHEN I click on the Save icon
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes

- 

WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column

- 

WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

-
